what's going on guys bow here back was
immune genetical 19 or so left into this
day we're gonna be breeding another
platinum in we're gonna be breeding
Serena Serena I don't know I'd say it
either way I guess but yeah we're gonna
be breeding the Platinum version which
actually looks pretty cool so we're
gonna speed it up so it doesn't take you
long just like an hour in between four
bowls for this it takes 40 minutes and
then for the other one it takes about an
hour and we do get to keep two of our
orbs not really that good orbs because
if you get them from the mail but
nonetheless you can keep orbs so there
you go that is the Platinum one it's
like a purple pinkish color and we're
gonna be checking on its skills it isn't
okay Miam with speed I think it's uh not
the fastest one but one of the faster
Platinum's that we currently have I
won't be trying to get as many bottoms
as possible so this is gonna be one of
the ones I have I will not change this
to my tag so don't worry about that but
we do want a faster one so there you go
there is the Platinum seven point six
nine speed which is quite a bit
controlling speed or make it even faster
we got 1800 HP there's really no reason
to actually get the Platinum version
currently I'm pretty sure there's gonna
be a bingo for them at some point but
let's actually check out the skills I
really wish for the Platinum ones they
what it did a little bit of a different
animation or a change of colors did
something I don't know something cool I
could've did but basically the same
thing so yeah that's about it but yeah
I'm not gonna be making this one my tank
I'm pretty sure it's not gonna be much I
if it does actually get my tackle
probably trying to make another one as
soon as possible but so far we do have a
few of the plenums I don't know how many
there are currently in the game but
these were the two new ones I think I
added in so I decided to make them
there's the gold version
I don't have the bronze one but the
summer one as well we start off with
quite a bit of HP though 1800 a compared
to the 1600 plus the attack is like a
hundred more now it's like hip da more
so we do have that words on this one I
thought I don't know that yeah I think
that does help but yeah that is the
mutant let me know what you think of a
comment below let me know what you think
the next bottom I should go for or what
other ones are gonna be coming out with
I will try to go for some more as soon
as I can and yeah then come to me about
it I think I'm for watching hope you
enjoyed and we'll talk again in the next
one